- We just celebrated
our seventh wedding anniversary,
so we thought we would see
how well we know each other
and play the
"Not So Newlywed Game."
[upbeat music]
All right, but first let's meet
our competition.
Please welcome the hilarious
Melissa McCarthy
and Ben Falcone.
[upbeat music]
[cheers and applause]
- This is happening.
- So...
- What if we don't get
any correct?
- We might not.
- Yeah.
- She's already nervous
about it.
She said, "I don't know
how we're--"
'cause we filled all this out
separately backstage.
How long have you two
been together?
- It'll be ten years this year.
- Yeah.
- Married or together?
both: Married ten.
- Together, what? Like 17?
- Yeah.
- Oh, so you all have
a little bit of time on us.
So you should really
know each other?
- Highly confident.
- All right. I can't wait.
So, we'll see.
tWitch, come on out here.
tWitch is gonna host
this thing for us.
[upbeat music]
[laughter]
- Oh, my God.
- Look at the gold--
- Yeah.
- Oh, my God.
- Wow.
- Yeah.
- I'm kind of all for it.
- I'm all for it.
- It's a good look.
- I don't know if you
should change back.
That's a good look.
- It's a good look.
- That's good.
- It's good. Okay.
Well, earlier we asked you
a series of questions
to see how well
you know each other.
- You're so serious.
- So now we're gonna see
how well you know
each other.
- Uh-huh.
- Okay, so for every--
you get a point for every time
your answers match.
Y'all ready to play?
- We are. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Excellent, excellent,
excellent.
Okay.
- Okay.
Melissa...
- If Ben could describe you
in one word,
what would it be?
- I said chatty.
- Okay.
- I said lovely and amazing,
but it was cute.
all: Aww.
[buzzer buzzing]
- And then that gets a...
[imitates buzzer]
[laughter]
All right, all right.
- Okay, okay.
- We'll get it back.
We'll get it back.
- No problem.
- Ben, what word would Melissa
use to describe you?
- What did I say?
Good enough.
[laughter]
- Kind.
- I said kind.
[buzzer buzzing]
all: Aww.
- And still...
[imitates buzzer]
[laughter]
I love "kind" gets a...
[imitates buzzer]
No, get out.
- They just pull you out.
Yeah, just...
- I think I'll put a harness.
- They wheel him back.
- Okay, okay,
you still in the game.
You still in the game.
Okay, Portia...
- Yeah.
- Name a celebrity
other than you
that Ellen has a crush on.
- Easy.
- Oh, I knew
you were gonna say that.
Well, but I was just joking
about this the other day.
- Uh-oh, uh-oh.
- Oh.
Aww, man.
[buzzer buzzing]
- I was gonna say be careful.
- Things change.
- You know a lot of celebrities.
- They change.
Ellen, what celebrity
does Portia have a crush on?
- Oh, this is very easy.
- It's so easy. You better--
Yes!
- Yes.
- Yes. Is that--did I--
- Yes, they match.
- Jonathan Rhys Meyers.
Yeah.
- Yes!
[bell dings]
- Yes. We'll go.
- We're doing good.
- Okay.
- He kinds looks like
a girl, too.
- Okay.
[laughter]
- Well, and I sa--and I have
agreed--anyway, go on.
- All right, then. Ready?
- Okay.
- Ben,
what other celebrity
does Melissa think
you have a crush on?
- Uh, it's creepy
and it's no longer true,
but I think she's gonna say
Jennifer Aniston.
- Oh. I did and then
I switched it.
Ah! So I'm what--who?
What--
Oh, I said creepy.
- Oh, that's what you--
I was, like, that--
- Creepy and it's no longer--
- Tom Hanks?
Okay.
- Who doesn't love Tom Hanks?
That's true.
- I do have a crush on him.
That's actually really true.
- Oh, yeah.
- Creepy.
- I think your true crush
is Tom Hanks.
- Yeah, actually I do have
a crush on Tom Hanks.
- Okay, Ellen...
- Yes?
- What candy would Portia choose
to describe your love life?
Starburst,
Good 'N Plenty,
Hot Tamales, Mounds,
or Oh Henry?
[laughter]
- They would all apply,
but--
- Well, yeah.
- But I'm gonna say Hot Tamale.
- Damn it.
- Uh-oh, what'd you say?
- Oh Henry, Oh Henry.
[buzzer buzzing]
- I don't even know
what that means.
- I didn't either, but I just
thought it was the funniest one,
and you always go for
the joke.
- Not when I'm competitive,
I don't.
- I see.
- All right.
- Okay, Melissa,
fill in the blank.
Before I was married,
I used to blank,
but now, I blank.
- I said,
"Only really hit on gay men,
now I married
the right one."
[laughter]
It's true.
Really true.
What did you say?
- I said, "She used to go
to dinner late at night,
now she goes to dinner
at 4:00 p.m."
[buzzer buzzing]
- Also true, also true.
- Also true.
- That could apply to me.
- Yeah.
- I like to eat early.
- Okay, Ellen...
- Yeah?
- Where did you share
your first kiss?
- Well, this is very easy.
- Mm.
In the back of a limo.
[bell dings]
- Aww.
- Very nice. Very nice.
- That's nice.
- Have we gotten any right?
- I don't think
we've gotten any right.
- Okay.
- That's okay.
- No, you've got zero.
- Well, you've got zero,
but y'all, you look lovely.
- 17 years, guys.
- Yes.
That is the end of the game.
You look lovely, no points,
but you're a beautiful couple.
Beautiful couple.
- Is that the end of the game?
Aww, that's sad. All right.
- Yes, that's it.
- Yep.
- Well played, well played.
- We did it. Wonderful.
- That's it.